fix: more work on OC11 docs (#1557)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/collaboration/collabora_secure_view.adoc

:secure-view-label: Secure View (with watermarks)
:page-aliases: collabora_online_integration.adoc, enterprise/collaboration/index.adoc

////

Secure View is under review.
The required marketplace app is not in ownClouds responsibility but a necessity for the functionality.
If the functionality is dropped, a new OC image is provided no longer showing the sec view capabilities.

> Note that in this case, we ned to also remove entries in config.apps.samle (richdocuments) and do a config-to-docs run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in this case, we need to also remove entries in config.apps.sample (richdocuments) and do a config-to-docs run.
```

I guess this is a note to the docs maintainers?
